ARMORER: I swear on my name
and the names of the ancestors...
"I swear on my name
and the names of the ancestors..."
ARMORER: That I shall walk the Way
of the Mand'alor...
THE MANDALORIAN AND BOY: "That I shall
walk the Way of the Mand'alor..."
PAZ VIZSLA: Din Djarin claims
to have bathed in the Living Waters.
ARMORER: He speaks the truth.
(GRUNTS)
Din Djarin, you are redeemed.
And Bo-Katan Kryze, you too are redeemed.
BO-KATAN: But I do not walk the Way.
ARMORER: Did you bathe in the waters?
BO-KATAN: I did.
And have you removed your helmet since?
BO-KATAN: No.
Then you may join our covert.
Welcome, Bo-Katan of Clan Kryze.
You are one of us.
(INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
-(BLASTERS FIRING)
-(CLANKING)
(ALL GRUNTING)
JUDGE: Again. Again!
JUDGE: Submission.
Winner.
(BLASTERS FIRING)
(WHOOSHING)
INSTRUCTOR: Again. One, two, three...
(SCRAPING)
(COOING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Put down the rocks, kid.
It's time that you learn
with the other foundlings.
(COOING)
Playtime's over.
I'm gonna need you to focus.
(GROGU COOING)
(CHILDREN GRUNTING)
Next challenger.
(COOING)
(CHILDREN GRUNTING)
JUDGE: Winner!
(BABBLING)
BO-KATAN:
Are you sure this is a good idea?
THE MANDALORIAN: If he is ever to rise
from foundling to apprentice,
he must learn.
Judge!
He challenges.
JUDGE: He is too small.
I am his ward. Proceed.
(COOING)
JUDGE: What weapon?
THE MANDALORIAN:
Let the challenged decide.
-BOY: Darts.
-JUDGE: Bring the training darts.
Why doesn't he wear a helmet?
THE MANDALORIAN:
He is too young to speak the Creed,
and so, too young to wear a helmet.
Then he's too young to fight.
(COOING)
THE MANDALORIAN:
"One does not speak unless one knows."
Is that not the Creed?
Well, I know.
Perhaps this lesson is for you, then.
COVERT MANDALORIAN: The training darts.
Fighters, arm yourselves.
Don't worry.
My dad was the same way.
He's just proud of you.
You take it easy on him, kid.
Each has three darts.
You may fire the darts in any order.
Each direct hit scores one point.
A mark must be visible to score.
One round. Highest score wins.
Squeeze your fist to launch the darts.
-(COOING)
-THE MANDALORIAN: You'll be fine.
BO-KATAN:
He doesn't know how to fire darts?
THE MANDALORIAN: He's got this. Trust me.
JUDGE: Ready.
Begin!
(GRUNTS)
Point!
(COOING)
Don't look at me. Look at him.
JUDGE: Ready.
-Begin! Point!
-(GRUNTS)
Grogu, I've seen what you can do.
It's okay. Show them.
(COOING)
JUDGE: Ready.
Begin!
Whoa!
JUDGE: Three points. Winner!
-(CROWD APPLAUDS)
-There you go.
Did you teach him that?
THE MANDALORIAN: Not me.
PAZ VIZSLA: "One doesn't speak
unless one knows."
(BOY SIGHS)
Great job, kid.
(SCREECHING)
(WIND WHOOSHING)
(BOY SCREAMING)
(FRANTIC CHATTER)
PAZ VIZSLA: No blasters,
it will kill the child.
Follow it to its lair.
(JETPACKS WHOOSHING)
(ROARS)
(WHOOSHES)
(SPUTTERING)
(GRUNTS)
PAZ VIZSLA: I'm out of fuel.
It always gets away.
(CREATURE SCREECHING)
(WHOOSHING)
BO-KATAN: I kept a high altitude
and followed it to its lair.
I know how to get there.
We should muster up a hunting party
and go after him.
I scouted where it lives
and mapped the location.
There.
(BEEPING)
The nest.
THE MANDALORIAN: It flew a long way.
BO-KATAN: I will go get him.
PAZ VIZSLA: The mountains are too high.
If we use jetpacks, the beast will hear.
ARMORER: It would kill the child.
BO-KATAN: These are no higher
than the peaks of Kyrimorut.
I used to climb them in basic training.
I'll fly to the foothills,
scale the rest of the way on foot.
THE MANDALORIAN: I'll join you.
ARMORER: Paz Vizsla,
enjoin the Shriek-hawk Training team
to accompany you.
I will pack extended lariats
for your launchers.
We must avoid explosives and blasters
for the safety of the foundling.
(WHOOSHING)
You are too young to join them.
(COOING)
All in good time.
Come, Grogu.
If you wish to become a Mandalorian,
there is much work to attend to.
(GROGU PANTING)
(GRUNTS)
This is the Forge.
It is the heart of Mandalorian culture.
Just as we shape the Mandalorian steel,
we shape ourselves.
We all begin as raw ore.
We refine ourselves
through trials and adversity.
(CONSOLE BEEPING)
The Forge can reveal weaknesses.
(THUDDING)
(CRACKLING)
(THUDS)
JEDI 1: Get him to Kelleran!
(LIGHTSABERS HUMMING)
(JEDI 2 GRUNTS)
(BLASTERS FIRING)
JEDI 3: The elevator!
Get the youngling to Kelleran! Go!
(JEDI 4 GRUNTS)
(GRUNTS)
(GROGU COOING)
(BEEPS)
Everything's gonna be all right, kid.
(COOING)
CLONE TROOPER: We've got one fleeing
on sub-level platform 1215.
Blast them!
(BLASTERS FIRING)
(TROOPERS GROAN)
(SCREAMS)
TROOPER 1: Over there! Stop them!
TROOPER 2: Don't let them escape!
(WHOOSHING)
(ENGINE SPUTTERING)
They hit the engine.
This is gonna get a little rough.
(BLASTERS FIRING)
(COOING)
(COOS)
(WHOOSHING)
(TRAIN HORN BLOWING)
(WOMAN YELPS)
(CROWD EXCLAIMING)
(COOS)
Don't worry.
We're gonna meet up
with some friends of mine.
But hold on,
it's gonna be a bumpy landing.
(GROANING)
(PANTING)
GUARD CAPTAIN: Kelleran Beq?
-They're right behind me.
-What about the others?
There are no others.
(WHOOSHING)
TROOPER: Everybody out. Move it. Move it.
Take the ship,
it's fueled and ready to go.
KELLERAN: Come on!
(GUARD GRUNTS)
(TROOPERS GRUNTING)
(HISSING)
(WHOOSHING)
(HAMMERING)
(GASPS)
(SIZZLING)
(CRACKLING)
ARMORER: It is a tradition in our culture
for each to donate a small portion
of what they earn to the foundlings.
It is with these scraps of beskar
that I forged your next piece of armor.
(COOING)
Mandalorian steel shall keep you safe
as you grow stronger.
You will grow into this rondel as you grow
into your station, foundling Grogu.
(COOING)
(WHOOSHING)
BO-KATAN:
We'll continue on foot from here.
Any closer, and it will hear the ship.
BO-KATAN:
The target is on the top of this peak.
If we tuck in under this outcropping,
we sleep out of line of sight,
and climb at first light.
PAZ VIZSLA: We will make camp.
-(FIRE CRACKLING)
-(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(SOFTLY) How do you eat
when other people are around?
THE MANDALORIAN: You don't.
When you get your food,
you go off to find a place
where you can take off your helmet.
PAZ VIZSLA: You are the leader
of the war party.
You have the honor of staying by the fire.
This is the Way.
BO-KATAN: The raptor's lair
is atop the highest peak.
Now, our hope
is that the child is still alive
so we have to make sure
not to fire on the raptor.
PAZ VIZSLA: It will kill the foundling
if attacked.
It has happened before
when it has taken others.
Our best bet is stealth.
Our jetpacks
will alert it to our presence.
Let's move.
(ALL GRUNTING)
(GRUNTING)
BO-KATAN:
It's not here. Let's find the kid.
(BEEPING)
I see a heat source there.
(PAZ VIZSLA GRUNTING)
BO-KATAN: Wait until we clear the area.
PAZ VIZSLA: He's my son.
(SHOUTING) Ragnar! Ragnar! Ragnar!
(SCREECHING)
(JAWS CHOMPING)
(BELLOWING)
(GAGGING)
RAGNAR: Help me!
PAZ VIZSLA: He's alive!
(WHOOSHING)
(RAGNAR SCREAMS)
RAGNAR: Help!
(WHOOSHING)
(PAZ VIZSLA GRUNTING)
(CREATURE SCREECHING)
Take my hand!
(JETPACK SPUTTERING)
(METALLIC CLANK)
(SCREECHING)
(SCREECHES)
(BO-KATAN GRUNTS)
(CREATURE SHRIEKING)
(JETPACK SPUTTERING)
(GRUNTS)
(SCREECHING)
(WHOOSHES)
(CREATURE SHRIEKING)
PAZ VIZSLA: Are you okay?
RAGNAR: I'm okay, Dad.
-PAZ VIZSLA: Thank you.
-THE MANDALORIAN: This is the Way.
PAZ VIZSLA: This is the Way.
ARMORER: Come, Grogu.
(MECHANICAL WHIRRING)
(ALL CHEERING)
(CLANKING)
(COOS)
ARMORER: Bo-Katan Kryze,
you have honored your House
and all of Mand'alor.
You have done
the highest honor of the Creed.
Saving a foundling.
BO-KATAN: This is the Way.
This is the Way.
And we have brought you three more
foundlings in need of care and training.
Is that so?
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(HATCHLINGS SCREECHING)
(CROWD EXCLAIMING)
ARMORER: You're in need of a repair.
Come with me.
ARMORER: I can replace what's missing,
but not with its modern refinements.
-Shall I inlay the signet of the Nite Owl?
-(SIZZLING)
Would it be acceptable
to wear one pauldron of the Nite Owl
and another with the Mythosaur?
The Mythosaur belongs to all Mandalorians.
It is always acceptable to wear.
I would like that.
(HISSING)
(CLANKS)
(CRACKLING)
What would you say
if I told you I saw one?
That you saw what?
A Mythosaur.
I would say you're very lucky.
It is a noble vision.
BO-KATAN: No, I...
I mean a real one.
Beneath the Living Waters on Mand'alor.
ARMORER: When you choose
to walk the Way of the Mand'alor,
you will see many things.
BO-KATAN: But it was real.
This is the Way.